API-10187 Docs for `check_product_limists_for_plan` method (#1099)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: src/pages/management/configuration-api/v3.5/index.mdx

</Section>

<Section>

<Text>

### Get Product Limits for Plan

> Each pricing plan has different resource limits (number of groups, agents). When the user wants to downgrade, this method allows checking what resources exceeded the limits for a given plan.

Author: You can call it anytime with specific plan (not only during downgrade)

> Each pricing plan has different resource limits (number of groups, agents). When the user wants to downgrade, this method allows checking what resources exceeded the limits for a given plan.

Reviewer: This description is very brief. I feel we should explain what resources are and why we limit them (if that's already described somewhere then add a link to that place here). And then also explain better why this call is needed - the current description doesn't say why someone would use it, or what "a given plan" means.
I think the grammar in here also needs some polishing, e.g. "what resources" -> "which resources", "exceeded" -> "are exceeding"

> Each pricing plan has different resource limits (number of groups, agents). When the user wants to downgrade, this method allows checking what resources exceeded the limits for a given plan.

Author: @oliwiapolec @olek-p I have prepared a more extended copy here https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PnvBgUPz2BcRKXNSfKYOrDP5PlhSZtxCqvM3fAJw39c/edit?usp=sharing. Please take a look and give me know what do you think about that.

#### Specifics

|             |                                                                             |
| ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| HTTP Method | **GET**                                                                     |
| Method URL  | `https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.5/configuration/action/check_product_limits_for_plan` |
| Required scopes | `subscription.lc:rw` |

#### Request

| Query string | Required | Data type | Notes |
| - | - | - | - |

> | `plan`| yes | `string`| Possible values: `starter`, `team`, `enterprise`, `enterpriseplus`      |

Reviewer: I'm pretty confused by the spacing here. Please consult (with Ola I guess) if we should format the tables in plain text (so that each column has a constant width) or not

Author: It's not required to have the same width for called ([more details](https://www.markdownguide.org/extended-syntax/#tables)). To keep the text consistent with other parts, I improved spacing [here](https://github.com/livechat/livechat-public-docs/pull/1099/commits/cced25b39699d5f5250b547e992f3cf0d9767df6)

> | `plan`       | yes      | `string`| Possible values: `starter`, `team`, `enterprise`, `enterpriseplus`   |       |

Reviewer: The "Possible values" message should be in the "Notes" column

Author: Fixed here https://github.com/livechat/livechat-public-docs/pull/1099/commits/6f739b3582105badd29eb91960f91be2053d317f

</Section>

<Section>

<Text>

### Get Product Limits for Plan

> LiveChat Platform limits some resources to keep infrastructure healthy and stable for all clients. The limits are different for each pricing plan. The method `check_products_limits_for_plan` shows which resources are exceeding for any given plan.

Reviewer: I miss information about downgrading here. I'm also not sure if "infrastructure" is a good term. 
@oliwiapolec WDYT? Do we refer to our infrastructure or service stability in other places in our docs?

Author: I will polish this part with Oliwia next week. Minor changes were done here https://github.com/livechat/livechat-public-docs/pull/1099/commits/294df83936678ed94edbcdb382631e5b1a9c26c5

Limited resources in LiveChat:

|                        |                                                                                                                     |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `agents`               | The max number of agents can be invited                                                                             |

Reviewer: This is about active agents (including bots, excluding suspended or awaiting approval)

Author: good point, added as a note https://github.com/livechat/livechat-public-docs/pull/1099/commits/294df83936678ed94edbcdb382631e5b1a9c26c5

> | `groups`               | The max number of groups can be created                                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `groups`               | The max number of groups that can be created                                                                        |
```

Author: Applied here https://github.com/livechat/livechat-public-docs/pull/1099/commits/294df83936678ed94edbcdb382631e5b1a9c26c5

| `banned`               | The max number of banned customers or IPs                                                                           |

> | `queue`                | The max number of chats waiting in the queue ([Messaging Mode](/messaging#messaging-mode) is off)                    |
> | `queue_continuous`     | The max number of chats waiting in the queue ([Messaging Mode](/messaging#messaging-mode) is on)                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `queue`                | The max number of chats waiting in the queue ([Messaging Mode](/messaging#messaging-mode) is off)                   |
| `queue_continuous`     | The max number of chats waiting in the queue ([Messaging Mode](/messaging#messaging-mode) is on)                    |
```

Author: Ups, fixed here https://github.com/livechat/livechat-public-docs/pull/1099/commits/294df83936678ed94edbcdb382631e5b1a9c26c5

> | `groups_per_agent`     | The max number of groups can be assigned to agent                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `groups_per_agent`     | The max number of groups an agent can be assigned to                                                                |
```

Author: okay https://github.com/livechat/livechat-public-docs/pull/1099/commits/294df83936678ed94edbcdb382631e5b1a9c26c5

|                 |                                                                                       |
| --------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| HTTP Method     | **GET**                                                                               |
| Method URL      | `https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.5/configuration/action/check_product_limits_for_plan` |
| Required scopes | `subscription.lc:rw`                                                                  |

#### Request

| Parameter | Required | Data type | Notes                                                                |
| --------- | -------- | --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `plan`    | yes      | `string`  | Possible values: `starter`, `team`, `enterprise`, `enterpriseplus`   |

</Text>

<Code>

<CodeSample path={'REQUEST'}>

```shell
curl -X POST \
  https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.5/configuration/action/check_product_limits_for_plan \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <your_access_token>' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
        "plan": "starter"
      }'
```

</CodeSample>

> <CodeResponse type="configuration" version="v3.5" json="checkProductLimitsForPlan"/>

Reviewer 2: The response is not rendered. This json should also be exported in `payloads/management/v3.5/configuration-api/index.js`

Also - is the method name get or check?

Author: It should be "check*", fixed

#### Specifics

|                 |                                                                                       |
| --------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| HTTP Method     | **GET**                                                                               |
| Method URL      | `https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.5/configuration/action/check_product_limits_for_plan` |
| Required scopes | `subscription.lc:rw`                                                                  |

#### Request

| Parameter    | Required | Data type | Notes                                                                |
| ------------ | -------- | --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `plan`       | yes      | `string`  | Possible values: `starter`, `team`, `enterprise`, `enterpriseplus`   |

</Text>

<Code>

<CodeSample path={'REQUEST'}>

```shell
curl -X POST \
  https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.5/configuration/action/check_product_limits_for_plan \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <your_access_token>' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \

>   -d '{ "plan": "starter" }'

Reviewer 2: We use different formatting for the body. See this for reference: https://developers.livechat.com/docs/management/configuration-api#get-agent

</Section>

<Section>

<Text>

### Get Product Limits for Plan

> To keep services stable for all clients, LiveChat limits common resources. The limits are different for each pricing plan.

Reviewer 3: So this method compares the requester license's resources to limits for a plan they use in the request? E.g. Requester on business calls `check_product_limits_for_plan` for Team and it returns specifically what goes above limits for **their license**, right?

If the answer to the above is yes, then I'd suggest this description:

> Resource limits in the LiveChat product are different for each plan. This method compares your organization's current resources with a given plan and returns those which exceeded the called plan's limits.

Author: wow, magic. changed here https://github.com/livechat/livechat-public-docs/pull/1099/commits/0054d962d984ed70136756af92403d1a0dbe0e4c

Method `check_products_limits_for_plan` shows what resources exceed its limits for any given plan. This information is useful before downgrading the plan.

> Limited resources in LiveChat:

Reviewer 3: the `groups_per_agent` and `group_chooser_groups` are oddly specific compared to the other ones on the list 😆 are we talking about the limits from [this doc](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Ph2XVc8GBkfZX44vhGS11zxqn-55yC_jEWw-h_XgLuw/edit#gid=0)?  

If yes, I'm wondering why exactly would e.g. the `queue for cont. chat` be included as the limit is the same for all licenses. Same for `active agents`?
Also there were discussions about the "banned customers" limit, I'm not sure if us talking openly that there's such limit wouldn't cause some fuss among our customers. Based on the doc it's 100k - would we want to return that in the response, and include this in the table?

|                        |                                                                                                                     |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `agents`               | The max number of active agents __*__                                                                               |

Author: applied here https://github.com/livechat/livechat-public-docs/pull/1099/commits/0054d962d984ed70136756af92403d1a0dbe0e4c

> | `groups`               | The max number of groups that can be created                                                                        |

Author: applied here https://github.com/livechat/livechat-public-docs/pull/1099/commits/0054d962d984ed70136756af92403d1a0dbe0e4c

> | `banned`               | The max number of banned customers or IPs                                                                           |

Reviewer 3: I think this will be clear, banned IPs are located in the same place and associated with the same thing 🤔

> | `banned`               | The max number of banned customers or IPs                                                                           |

Author: applied here https://github.com/livechat/livechat-public-docs/pull/1099/commits/0054d962d984ed70136756af92403d1a0dbe0e4c

> | `queue`                | The max number of chats waiting in the queue ([Messaging Mode](/messaging#messaging-mode) is off)                   |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `queue`                | The max number of chats waiting in the queue (with [Messaging Mode](/messaging#messaging-mode) disabled)                   |
```

Author: applied here https://github.com/livechat/livechat-public-docs/pull/1099/commits/0054d962d984ed70136756af92403d1a0dbe0e4c

> | `queue_continuous`     | The max number of chats waiting in the queue ([Messaging Mode](/messaging#messaging-mode) is on)                    |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `queue_continuous`     | The max number of chats waiting in the queue (with [Messaging Mode](/messaging#messaging-mode) enabled)                    |
```

Author: applied here https://github.com/livechat/livechat-public-docs/pull/1099/commits/0054d962d984ed70136756af92403d1a0dbe0e4c

| `groups_per_agent`     | The max number of groups an agent can be assigned to                                                                |
| `access_rules`         | The max number of [Access Rules](/management/configuration-api#auto-access)                                         |

> | `group_chooser_groups` | The max number groups in [pre-chat survey](https://www.livechat.com/help/dividing-live-chat-by-group/#target-field) |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `group_chooser_groups` | The max number of groups available in the [pre-chat survey](https://www.livechat.com/help/dividing-live-chat-by-group/#target-field) |
```

Author: applied here https://github.com/livechat/livechat-public-docs/pull/1099/commits/0054d962d984ed70136756af92403d1a0dbe0e4c

> __*__ Including bots, excluding suspended or awaiting approval agents

Reviewer: Still needs some polishing

#### Specifics

|                 |                                                                                       |
| --------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| HTTP Method     | **GET**                                                                               |
| Method URL      | `https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.5/configuration/action/check_product_limits_for_plan` |

> | Required scopes | `subscription.lc:rw`                                                                  |

Reviewer: These 2 tables don't have headers, is that intentional?

Author: Fixed for the first table, the second one should be without a header.

> 

Reviewer: Unnecessary empty line

Author: Changed here https://github.com/livechat/livechat-public-docs/pull/1099/commits/51eb22f25d075eedf7f621749ebcbd51c98eba25

#### Request

> | Query string | Required | Data type | Notes                                                                |

Reviewer: Should this first column be labeled `Query string`? 🤔
